!\mainpage \verbatim Melee Tournament Documentation \endverbatim

\section welcome Welcome

This is the main page of the documentation. You can navigate through the various links generated by doxygen.
The explanations as to how each class works are described in their own pages.

This page mainly contains the instructions for end users as to installing and playing the game.


\section install_sec For End Users: Installation

\section archived_files Working with Archived Files

To install the game, you're going to need a program which can extract an archived .zip file.
Most machines nowadays come with operating systems which already include such programs.
However, in case you do not have a program which can work on an archived .zip file, I recommend installing 7zip first.

- Here is a link to their download page: https://www.7-zip.org/ .

The installation instructions written here will assume that the user has 7zip installed.

After making sure you have means of working with an archived file, follow the rest of the instructions below.

\section install_steps Installation Steps

Visit the download page of the game: https://bigsnack.itch.io/melee-tournament

Download the game's .zip file, and then follow the instructions below:

- Once you've downloaded the .zip file, right click on it. A context menu will open.
- In the context menu, look for "7-Zip", and click on it.
- Once clicked, a new menu will appear. Select "Extract Here".
- At this point, allow 7zip to work on extracting the archived file.
- When it is done, you'll see a new folder with the same name as the .zip file. However, this folder does not have a .zip extension.
- Double click on this new folder.
- You will see an executable file named "Melee Tournament.exe". Double click on this, and the game will run.
- Once the game running, you can take a look at the key bindings of the game from the main menu.
- Enjoy!



\section keybindings Key Bindings of the Game

(Key -> Explanation)

- W -> Move forward
- S -> Move backward
- A -> Strafe left
- D -> Strafe right
- Spacebar -> Jump
- M -> Pause Menu
- R -> Toggle first/third person view
- T -> Toggle orbital camera

- Mouse wheel -> Adjust camera zoom
- Left shift + Mouse wheel -> Adjust camera height

- Moving the mouse up/down/left/right -> Choose a combat direction

--- Left Mouse Button ---
- Click-> Prepare to attack in chosen direction
- Hold -> Continue holding the attack
- Release -> Attack in chosen direction

--- Right Mouse Button ---
- Click -> Prepare to defend in chosen direction
- Hold -> Continue defending
- Release -> Stop defending



\section goals Goal of the Game

The goal of the game is to become the champion of the Melee Tournament.